observability: document common span and resource attributes (#1356)
Azure/ARO-HCP: observability/tracing-common-attributes.md

# Common attributes

Short list of common resource and span attributes.

## Resource Attributes

## Span Attributes

| Attribute               | Type   | Description                                                                                | Examples                               |
|-------------------------|--------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| `cs.cluster.uid`        | string | A unique identifier for the cluster, created, deleted, or modified by the current operation. | `d1082221-078a-44ca-9ec3-8e6b5a3a51ad` |

> | `opid`                  | string | An operation ID generated by each service individually. It can be propagated via HTTP headers and reused by other services. | `d1082221-078a-44ca-9ec3-8e6b5a3a51ad` |

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
| `opid`                  | string | The operation ID which can be generated by the service or provided by the calling entity using HTTP headers. | `d1082221-078a-44ca-9ec3-8e6b5a3a51ad` |
```

> | `aro.correlation.id`    | string | A ID provided by the Azure Resource Manager (ARM) helps trace request flows between services. Each operation has a unique Correlation ID that aids in troubleshooting issues by correlating them with other signals across multiple services.  | `d1082221-078a-44ca-9ec3-8e6b5a3a51ad` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `aro.correlation.id`    | string | Identifier provided by the Azure Resource Manager (ARM) which helps tracing the request flow between services. Each operation has a unique Correlation ID that aids in troubleshooting issues by correlating them with other signals across multiple services.  | `d1082221-078a-44ca-9ec3-8e6b5a3a51ad` |
```

> | `aro.client.request.id` | string | A unique identifier for the azure client’s request, used to track a specific request from the client through different services. | `d1082221-078a-44ca-9ec3-8e6b5a3a51ad` |

Reviewer: (nit) IIRC we have no uniqueness guarantee
```suggestion
| `aro.client.request.id` | string | Identifier for the azure client’s request, used to track a specific request from the client through different services. | `d1082221-078a-44ca-9ec3-8e6b5a3a51ad` |
```

> | `aro.request.id`        | string | A unique ID associated with a specific ARM request, allowing for tracking and troubleshooting of the request across multiple services. | `d1082221-078a-44ca-9ec3-8e6b5a3a51ad` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `aro.request.id`        | string | A unique identifier generated by the Resource Provider which can be used for tracking and troubleshooting of the request across multiple services. | `d1082221-078a-44ca-9ec3-8e6b5a3a51ad` |
```
